CLOUDP-397030: Update Autogenerated Commands (#4537)
mongodb/mongodb-atlas-cli: docs/command/atlas-api-aiModelRateLimits-resetModelRateLimit.txt

.. _atlas-api-aiModelRateLimits-resetModelRateLimit:

===============================================
atlas api aiModelRateLimits resetModelRateLimit
===============================================

.. default-domain:: mongodb

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

> 
> Reset the AI model rate limit for the given model group to default values.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Reset the AI model rate limit to default values for the given model group.

```

The atlas api sub-command is automatically generated from the MongoDB Atlas Admin API and offers full coverage of the Admin API.
Admin API capabilities have their own release lifecycle, which you can check via the provided API endpoint documentation link.

This command is autogenerated and corresponds 1:1 with the Atlas API endpoint https://www.mongodb.com/docs/api/doc/atlas-admin-api-v2/operation/operation-resetgroupaimodelratelimit.

> 

Reviewer: This link is broken, I believe you meant:

https://www.mongodb.com/docs/api/doc/atlas-admin-api-v2/preview/operation/operation-resetgroupaimodelratelimits

I'm not entirely sure why the "preview" portion is necessary but you may want to look into it!

For more information and examples, see the referenced API documentation linked above.

Syntax
------

.. code-block::
   :caption: Command Syntax

   atlas api aiModelRateLimits resetModelRateLimit [options]

.. Code end marker, please don't delete this comment

Options
-------

.. list-table::
   :header-rows: 1
   :widths: 20 10 10 60

   * - Name
     - Type
     - Required
     - Description
   * - --envelope

>      - envelope

Reviewer: If type refers to what value the flag takes, I believe this should be boolean (true or false)

```suggestion
     - boolean
```

     - false

>      - Flag that indicates whether Application wraps the response in an envelope JSON object. Some API clients cannot access the HTTP response headers or status code. To remediate this, set envelope=true in the query. Endpoints that return a list of results use the results object as an envelope. Application adds the status parameter to the response body.

Reviewer: if envelope=true is the correct syntax, put it in monospace (`envelope=true`). If you are just saying set envelope to true, express that in words instead.

Also, for these options are there default values? If so, those could be useful to include. If you include a "defaults" column, you can switch the values in the "Required" column to "Required", "Optional", etc. so there isn't confusion.

   * - --groupId
     - string
     - true
     - Unique 24-hexadecimal digit string that identifies your project. Use the [/groups](#tag/Projects/operation/listProjects) endpoint to retrieve all projects to which the authenticated user has access.
       

>        **NOTE**: Groups and projects are synonymous terms. Your group id is the same as your project id. For existing groups, your group/project id remains the same. The resource and corresponding endpoints use the term groups.

Reviewer: Small changes for formatting. For the "For existing groups, ..." sentence -- I added the part at the end for clarity but I want to confirm that it is accurate. Also, is there a situation where a reset would be performed on a new group? If not, you can take that first part out of the sentence and just make it "Your `groupID` remains the same after resetting."

```suggestion
       **NOTE**: "Groups" and "projects" are synonymous in this context. Your `groupID` is the same as your project ID. The resource and corresponding endpoints use the term "groups". For existing groups, your `groupID` remains the same after resetting.
```

   * - -h, --help
     - 
     - false

>      - help for resetModelRateLimit

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - Flag that returns information for `resetModelRateLimit`. Takes no input.
```

   * - --modelGroupName
     - string
     - true

>      - The name of the model group to be reset to default rate limits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - The name of the model group you are resetting to default rate limits.
```

   * - -o, --output
     - string
     - false

>      - preferred api format, can be ["json", go-template] This value defaults to "json".

Reviewer: Make sure this edit is accurate.

```suggestion
     - Preferred api format for the output, can be ["json", go-template]. This value defaults to "json".
```

   * - --outputFile
     - string
     - false

>      - file to write the api output to. This flag is required when the output of an endpoint is binary (ex: gzip) and the command is not piped (ex: atlas command > out.zip)

Reviewer: Capitalize the first word, capitalize API. Going back to an earlier comment, you may want to change the values for the "Required" column to "Required", "Optional", "Conditional". Conditional seems fitting for this option.

   * - --pretty
     - 
     - false
     - Flag that indicates whether the response body should be in the prettyprint format.
   * - --version
     - string
     - false

>      - api version to use when calling the api call [options: "preview"], defaults to the latest version or the profiles api_version config value if set This value defaults to "preview".

Reviewer: Fixed some formatting but the section on defaults is unclear. As I added above, consider adding a "Default" column.

```suggestion
     - API version to use when calling the api call [options: "preview"]. Defaults to the latest version or the profile's `api_version` config value if set This value defaults to "preview".
```
